# Design Rationale RQ5 & RQ6
## Requirement 5
### Toad Class
Toad class is responsible for creating a new object of the monologue action in order to interact with the player. 
Player will execute an interaction with toad to which he will execute to the monologue class and output a string on the console.

Relevant methods used by Toad:
- execute(actor, map): Toad will perform the action of Monologue

---

### Monologue Action Class
Monologue class extends the abstract Action class. It has a dependency on the Player, Utils and Wrench classes. Monologue does most of the work in terms of outputting and calling methods to create the sentences that Toad is to speak.

Relevant methods used by Monologue:
- getWeapon() from Player: will return the item as a weapon. This checks if the item that is returned.
- hasCapabilites(): checks if the capability of the player is of PowerStar. This returns a boolean of if the capability exists on the Player.
- Utilis.getNum(): this will call the static class Utils and have it generate a random number from 1-4 which will be returned.

Monologue will proceed to check the weapon in hand and power star active in order to check if the number generated by Utils is subitable to print. If not, it will ask Utils to regenerate.
Monologue will then print to toad the relevant string in which Toad will output.

---

### Wrench, PowerStar and Player
These classes exist primarily to use their methods for Monologue class. 
<br /> Player is called by Monologue to check for its getWeapons() hence dependency. Player also has PowerStar and Wrench as it's attributes.
<br /> Power Star and Wrench both extend the abstract items class, since they are an Item held by the Player.

---

### Utils Class
Its primary objective is to return an int from 1-4 for Monologue to randomly output a String.

Relevant methods in Utils:
- getNum(): returns a int of 1 to 4

---

## Requirement 6
### Toad Class
Toads primary purpose is to be able to interact with the player. Once the player interacts with toad, it will create a new Trade Action object and display the menu of possible trade options the player has.
The player then selects the trade option needed and passes to Toad which will directly use the Trade Class to process this.

Relevant methods used by Toad:
- create new Trade object
- execute(actor, map): executes the selection to the trade class
- playTurn(): shows selection made by player
- menuDescription(): shows the player all the selections.

---

### Trade Class
Trade class is responsible for taking in the selection made by the player through Toad and execute the relevant actions. It is extended from the Actions class and is dependent on the PlayerInventory, Wallet, SuperMushroom, PowerStar, and Wrench class. 
Trade class will call the getWallet() to show the amount available for trade. It will then subtract the relevant amount from the wallet int for the trade selected by the player. If the wallet < 0, Trade class will output an error message to Toad to display on the menu. If wallet > 0 then trade class will deduce the amount and update the wallet class. 
It will then call player inventory and create a new instance of the Item that the player wants, then append into the PlayerInventory. Once transaction complete, it will output a sucess message to Toad to display on the menu.

Relevant methods used by Trade:
- Wallet: getWalletAmount(): shows trade how much money is current in the wallet
- Wallet: removeAmount(): remove the amount of the item from wallet
- creates new instance of SuperMushroom, Wrench or PowerStar
- TransactError(): outputs an error message due to wallet 
- SuccessMessage(): outputs a success message
- Player: addItemToInventory(): allows to append the item bought into the PlayerInventory

---

### Player Inventory Class
Player Inventory class is extended from the Actor class which allows it to use the GetInventory() and RemoveInventory() methods. 
It also has a dependency on the items class to get the ticks() method as some requirements indicate the PowerStar object will disappear from the inventory.

Relevant methods used by PlayerInventory:
- Ticks(): allows to remove the PowerStar after a certain amount of ticks.

---

### Wallet Class
Wallet class's primary goal is to keep track of the amount of coins collected by the player. It will store this in itself as an integer and be able to have a setter which changes the amount depending on Trade Class's use and a getter to show the amount present in the class.
Trade class is hence dependent on Wallet Class.

Relevant methods in Wallet:
- GetAmount(): shows the amount of money in the wallet
- removeAmount(): take money away from the wallet due to trade

---

### Wrench, PowerStar and Mushroom Classes
Wrench, Power Star and SuperMushroom class have the interface of ItemPrice. This allows each item to have an int price, so that when called by the Trade Class (dependancy) for its getPrice() method it will return a price for the Trade Class to use.

Relevant methods in Wrench Power and SuperMushroom Class:
- getPrice(): shows the price of the relevant item called

